fix: PrintHelp wrongly insert newlines after dots (#140)
AdRoll/baker: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix some bugs in `s3.s3UploadFile` [#120](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/120)
- `SplitWriter` leaves some file descriptors open [#119](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/119) and [#121](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/121)
- `List` input did not consider drive letter on Windows paths [#139](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/139)

> - `PrintHelp()` wrongly insert newline after dots [#140](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/140)

Reviewer: Let's not forget the changelog is also a way for users to know what changed and figure whether they need to update or not. So instead of writing `PrintHelp` wrongly inserts newline after dots, which is perfect in the PR description, better to write something like:
```suggestion
- Stop to insert newline after dots in generated help markdown [#140](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/140)
```

- `SplitWriter` leaves some file descriptors open [#119](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/119) and [#121](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/121)
- `PrintHelper()` now supports map type as configuration parameter of a Baker component [#138](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/138)
- `List` input did not consider drive letter on Windows paths [#139](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/139)

> - Stop to insert newline after dots in generated help markdown [#140](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/140)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Do not insert newline after dots in generated help markdown [#140](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/140)
```
